README.md, before:

# Guardian's Plight

This game is based on the upcoming sequel to "Far Beyond: The Jerod Saga".  It continues to follow the exploits of Kelcy (a young Earth girl) and Fabian (A mischief Mockian (Maker) from a land called Far Beyond.

In the game, a player is tasked with preseviing the small villages that are facing bombardment from projectiles being ejected from Mount Nanoah, an eternally active volcano that, not only rains fieballs down on nearby villages, but also spawns what eventually become the Guardian's (living statues as large as building and as small as toy soldiers).

The final version of the game will possess the following attributes:

Level One:

1.  Player will have total of 6 village (segments) to protect from  volcano fireballs.
2.  Player will have a single shooter spell caster with which to defend the village (segments).
3.  The game will initially have a countdown timer for this first level
4.  This level and the game ends when all villages have been destrpyed by the fireballs or the timer expires.
5.  If the player makes it through this level with at least one village (segment) intact, they will move onto the next level.

Level Two:

1.  Player gets an extra village segment which will appear automatically once the last of the original village segments has been destroyed.

Level Three:

1.  Player gets a double spellcaster with which to destroy the fireballs and an extra village segment which will appear automatically once the last of the original village segments has been destroyed.

Commit message:

Update to READ.ME
Extra level gameplay and rules added.

README.md, after:

# Guardian's Plight

This game is based on the upcoming sequel to "Far Beyond: The Jerod Saga".  It continues to follow the exploits of Kelcy (a young Earth girl) and Fabian (A mischief Mockian (Maker) from a land called Far Beyond.

In the game, a player is tasked with preseviing the small villages that are facing bombardment from projectiles being ejected from Mount Nanoah, an eternally active volcano that, not only rains fieballs down on nearby villages, but also spawns what eventually become the Guardian's (living statues as large as building and as small as toy soldiers).

The final version of the game will possess the following attributes:

Level One:

1.  Player will have total of 6 village (segments) to protect from  volcano fireballs.
2.  Player will have a single shooter spell caster with which to defend the village (segments).
3.  The game will initially have a countdown timer for this first level
4.  This level and the game ends when all villages have been destrpyed by the fireballs or the timer expires.
5.  If the player makes it through this level with at least one village (segment) intact, they will move onto the next level.

Level Two:

1.  Player gets an extra village segment which will appear automatically once the last of the original village segments has been destroyed.

Level Three:

1.  Player gets a double spellcaster with which to destroy the fireballs.
2.  Player an extra village segment which will appear automatically once the last of the original village segments has been destroyed.

Level Four:

1.  Player gets a double spellcaster with which to destroy the fireballs.
2.  Player an extra village segment which will appear automatically once the last of the original village segments has been destroyed.
3.  Speed of fireballs increases.
4.  Timer increases.
5.  May award player with an NFT or some other kind of gift after this level.
